New CSS Questions (#570)
h5bp/Front-end-Developer-Interview-Questions: src/questions/css-questions.md

* Have you ever worked with retina graphics? If so, when and what techniques did you use?
* Is there any reason you'd want to use `translate()` instead of *absolute positioning*, or vice-versa? And why?
* How is clearfix css property useful?

> * Can you explain the difference between px, em and rem as it related to font sizing?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Can you explain the difference between px, em and rem as they relate to font sizing?
```

> * Can you give me an example use case for a pseudo class? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Can you give an example of a pseudo class? Can you provide an example use case for a pseudo class? 
```

> * Could you provide me with an example of some block level elements and inline elements?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* What is the difference between a block level element and an inline element. Can you provide examples of each type of element?
```
